docs: Add a guide for deploying Redpanda in AKS (#1125)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/rpk/rpk-cluster/rpk-cluster-partitions-transfer-leadership.adoc

== Examples

To transfer partition leadership for a partition `0` to a broker ID `2`, run:

```bash
rpk cluster partitions transfer-leadership foo --partition 0:2
```

The `--partition` flag accepts a value `<A>:<B>`, where `A` is a topic-partition and `B` is the ID of the broker to which you want to transfer leadership. To specify a topic-partition, you can use just the partition ID (`0`) or also use the topic name together with the partition using the following syntax:

```bash
rpk cluster partitions transfer-leadership --partition test-topic/0:2
```

In this case, the name of the topic is `test-topic` and the partition ID is `0`.

> The preceding examples transfer leadership for the partition `kafka/test-topic/0`. The command assumes the `kafka` namespace by default, but you can also specify an internal namespace using the `+{namespace}/+` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding examples transfer leadership for the partition `kafka/test-topic/0`. The command behavior is based on the assumption that the default namespace is `kafka`, but you can also specify an internal namespace using the `+{namespace}/+` prefix.
```

|-h, --help |- |Help for transfer-leadership.

> |-p, --partition |string |Specify which partition's leadership to transfer and the location of the new leader. Use the syntax `-p <partition-ID>:<new-leader-broker-ID>`. 

Reviewer 2: Our automated review also suggested this phrasing:

> Specify which partition's leadership to transfer and the new leader broker ID.

Is this preferable? @pmw-rp

Reviewer 3: The `--partition` flag receives a value with the format of `<A>:<B>`, where `A` is what we call a Topic-Partition, which can be in the form of `1` (just the partition ID), or `foo/1` which means topic `foo`, partition `1`.

The argument B will always be the broker ID which you want to transfer the leadership to. 

In our example above we have:

```
To transfer partition leadership, use the following syntax:
	rpk cluster partitions transfer-leadership foo --partition 0:2

Here, the command transfers leadership for the partition "kafka/foo/0"
to broker 2. By default, it assumes the "kafka" namespace, but you can specify
an internal namespace using the "{namespace}/" prefix.

Here is an equivalent command using different syntax:
	rpk cluster partitions transfer-leadership --partition foo/0:2
```

So I think the new text might be missing some of this information. Maybe something along these lines:
```
Syntax `<A>:<B>` where A is the topic partition leader and B is the broker ID which you want to transfer the leadership to. See help text for more information

Reviewer 2: Thank you @r-vasquez , did some rephrasing -- could you review?
